in my opinion the holocaust can only be perceived as a horror by human 
beings, and any attempt to describe it to extraterrestrials will 
completely fail to impact them in any meaningful way - it is probably 
the same for most things, to be honest, it is likely that art or music 
or even colors will be so muddled together with our language and 
symbolism that any attempt to communicate with an intelligent life form 
will result in mutually unintelligible gibberish - no, only mathematics,
 refined to the point of utmost purity could possibly bridge the gap 
between evolved minds, but any attempt to communicate this underlying 
reality falls prey to the same symbolic impossibilities previously 
described - it is possible that we may come across intelligent life and 
never recognize it - i don't believe in God and so don't worry what he 
might believe of me - i wondered what the creatures in the sea might 
think of their bony parts so laid across the dead and dying to quell the
 awful stench of death and hide the graves - i sometimes look at apes in
 zoos as prisoner slaves deprived of life and better dead - placed into 
absurd and ever weirder places like a trip of rowdy psychedelics but you
 never come down at all instead you wander past the artificial trees and
 tire swing forced to contemplate the abyss of knowledge - and name them
 pseudo African names
 
 the news beleaguers me with shots of people screaming out as worse comes
 worse in other countries ; be they militants or acrobats, jews or 
gentiles or arabs or what have you they profess to be like me, a fat and
 unashamed american of privileged wealth and all the rest - i think in 
rational terms we could have no cogent dialogue much like xenomorphs 
conversing with tamaraneans ) though such a comparison risks painting 
one of us as bloodthirsty rape-monsters :: no, I take the risk to call 
the people of Iran fundamentally different than I, myself, in order to 
make the claim that none of us understand what it is they really want 
and the more I see the kids today pass back and forth the media I think 
in many ways we somehow always miss the point 

i, sometimes as a man, become hyper-aware of the great injustice that 
women face in the light of capitalism - or perhaps just institutions 
which promote the image of what a woman is, or was, or may-be - and find
 the Absurd in images of busty models straddling tennis rackets in all 
the newest water-wicking fashion - as if the sport of tennis were only 
just the newest opportunity to be looked at - my friends, there is no 
ethical consumption under the sun - and even great athletes who put in 
years of struggle and toil like venus and serena do so in arrogance and 
egotism - driven by money, power, fame, or even just the thrill of being
 competent, they do and do not for themselves alone and bear the weight 
of greatness that is a meaningless distinction - who’ve mastered all the
 tricks and traps of rulesets and martial prowess only to be the 
cultural touchstone of a woman who knows how to put a fuzzy ball exactly
 in its place - who dared to learn to restrict their activities to 
bizarre motions and constraints - who played with pringles can smells 
and academic studies of ‘speed’ and the markers left in clay and turf - i
 am reminded that there are very little women in chess and especially at
 the high level that we had to make one up give her an ugly hairdo and 
call her a feminist icon for playing imaginary chess with imaginary rude
 men who have imaginary rude thoughts about whether or not women can be 
good at chess

movies and television did not prepare me for the deep and cataclysmic 
chasm that is the hearts of women - No, there were no movies that 
adequately envisioned women as containing more than stock phrases and 
diligent use of makeup - and somehow I find them, though, these deeply 
intelligent beauties - and after many years of silent jealous stalking 
I’ve come to the conclusion I must be some kind of genie because they’ve
 all gone on to become bank executives, doctors and in some cases happy -
 I measure their success by how low they were when dealing with my 
machinations, schemes and plans - because a woman is a dog, i thought, 
who knows commands and simple pleasures, but cannot live without some 
structure or entertainment hanging by a string and at any moment I could
 shut them out the house and force them to sleep in the backyard where 
they truly belong 
